hey guys its lens I legit just woke up
so my eyes are all like weird but we
have the clap winners all the fill-in
winners me and all the club members
decided um together like we all voted
for the three that we wanted in the lead
edit them up start my voice so weird
because I just woke up so these are the
three first one is vis cheerleader don't
yeah right it's ashley dinnae baybay so
those were the three that we all really
wanted to be in the club so you guys are
filling and if you're already friends
with me try to add the other Club
members um or i'll add you in a message
or somebody legit challenge or she was
sure she Brostrom your abolished oh but
we're supposed to show you what we
collect for tier um I just redid my room
so allow the stuff without of it like
all my cheering medals I basically
collect and I have all of them are
metallic shooting sports bras I have
teal blue gold red lime green I have my
old trotting uniform
I don't like collect metals or anything
they usually are at the bottom of my
backpack to be completely honest i also
like click true and makeup not really
chew any makeup but makeup in general
that i use for tier 2 I should do a
cheating makeup tutorial that would be
fun like a general one like a smoky is
shooting to tour like work for anybody
cheer bows I always bar white ones if
I'm going to wear them close matches
everything Club cheer bows but I don't
wear all them nice throw it in t-shirts
this is one from when I was on seniors
and it has like things on the back look
inside jokes of our team oh yeah you
guys enjoyed this ask me questions on
formspring cuz i'm always on their peace
out girl scout